On the product detail page, once the customer enters a pincode, we show estimated delivery dates to the customers.

There is three different set of inventory available with walmart 
1. Inventory which is owned by walmart and shipped by walmart, 
    Here the product is stored in walmart owned warehouses and shipping method is pre-decided by walmart.
    So the procurement time or lag time is negligble and transit time is pre-measured, may be not that accurately but close.
2. Inventory which is owned by third party and shipped by walmart,
    Here also its similar.
3. Inventory which is 3P owned and 3P shipped.
    In this case we don't know how much time will it take for the seller to procure, if not already available. 
    And how much time, and which FC will the seller ship from and which shipping method will the seller select.
    Sellers do provide an estimate here, but the estimates are way too conservative in nature. There is an average
    difference of 3 days between promise date and delivery date.

Its the third case, that i am building an ML model for, i.e., estimating a better delivery time for offers sold
by 3P sellers.

In collaboration with junior scientists and engineers we have built the following parts
    1. Lag time estimation or procurement time estimation
    2. FC node classification i.e. given an order at any point of time which FC node is likely to be selected
        for shipment for a particular order. Figuring out this part will allow us to do the next part i.e.
    3. Given an FC location, size of box, customer location, etc estimate the time taken in transit.
    
The first part and the second part was posed as an ordinal regression problem and the second part was posed 
as a binary classification problem with negative samples.

For the first and the second part we consumed all sorts of product features like title representations, 
image representations, product attributes, seller features like seller id, seller type, etc.

For the second part we used many location related features to and from location, county, region, city, states, 
customer address, zipcode, lat, longs, carrier options to be chosen, etc.

